Fix CLI page link in main page & mobile dropdown (#51)
yorkie-team/yorkie-team.github.io: docs/quick-start.md

```

or just include the following code in the `<head>` tag of your HTML:

```html
<!-- include yorkie js -->
<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/yorkie-js-sdk/{{site.version}}/yorkie-js-sdk.js"></script>
```

<br/>

### How to use Yorkie

> #### 1.Initializing Document Properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Initializing Document Properties
```

First, create a Client and a Document.

```js
async function main() {
  // 01. create a new client instance and connect to the yorkie server
  const client = new yorkie.Client("http://localhost:8080");
  await client.activate();

  // 02. create a new document and attach it to the client
  const doc = new yorkie.Document("document");
  await client.attach(doc);
}
```

The created document should be attached to the client to automatically synchronize the document between the client and peers.

<br/>

#### 2. Updating the Document

> The created document is initially an empty object. You can create or update a key value property that you would like to share between peers by using `doc.update()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The created document is initially an empty object. You can create or update a key-value property you would like to share with peers using `doc.update()`.
```

```js
doc.update((root) => {
  root["key"] = "value"; // {"key":"value"}
});
```

<br/>

#### 3. Subscribing to the changes that happen in the Document

Clients sharing the same document can subscribe to the changes that happen in the Document using `doc.subscribe()`

```js
doc.subscribe((event) => {
  console.log("A change event occurred in the Document!");
});
```

You can execute different actions depending on the source of change. The source can be accessed from `event.type`.

```js
doc.subscribe((event) => {
  if (event.type === "remote-change") {
    console.log("A peer has changed the Document!");
  }
});
```

<br/>

#### 4. Viewing the presence of other peers

> Other peers' activity can be accessed by subscribing to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other peers' activities can be accessed by subscribing to the client.
```
